This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Testing
The app is run from the root route. There you can see the requested search feature.

## TODO:
1. Add tests for components and hooks
2. Pass along error messages to provide more information when something goes wrong
3. Replace simple paginition controls at the bottom of the page with more typical `1,2,3,4...N` pagination link style
4. Add a fallback image for simple links
5. Add some styling to the empty results page so its not so plain and ugly

## Questionable decisions
1. I use router.replace for searching because I personally find it weird and unexpected when searching appends to browser history and you have to click back many times to get back to the beginning. Where pagination feels like a much more natural place for browser navigation.
2. 7 items were shown in the image so thats what i arbitrarily set as the default limit.
3. Several components are implemented such that the query limit can be dynamically set, but after thinking about it I thought it was weird for the user to be able to do that so I removed the ability but left the argument in the components, hooks, and api methods.
4. I only added properties to my types that were used. Ideally in a production environment these types would be automatically generated by a code-generator so that they stay in sync with the backend.

